I
how's it going zero ops here for a
review of the adidas y-3 casa basketball
high-top I don't know if it's Casa our
Casa i think it probably is Casa
although I kind of like case the better
because it sounds like quesadilla and
enjoying a 20-ounce red wall well let's
take a look at the show the reason
you're here adidas y-3 packaging is
always top notch this one's a little
beat up because I got this on sale but
it's still the same stuff that's new
inside top-notch packaging even though
it's cheaper than other designer brands
it's got an awesome black to orange y3
and you can see the adidas three stripes
yohji yamamoto and so the box is always
a real class act take a look at the
shoes they call this color black and
sports style there we go black and
sports style which is really like their
their key for this black and white which
was big for spring summer 2014 these are
similar if you take a look at them to
the casa racer which was originally to
be my pick but then Kanye wore the casa
racer and then they almost immediately
sold out so no more cause of racers
these are the cause of basketball
they're different than the normal casa
highs or the lows these have like this
basketball look to him I thought they
were very cool I was going to buy the
racers initially but like I said they
sold out I didn't move quick on them but
here we come around sale season and my
size was still in stock so I lucked out
on these it's got the normal a case of
bottom which you know many people would
say is kind of a luxe version of the
roshe run but it does narrow out a lot
more it's a lot more Hollow and it's a
lot more lifted than the roshe run is
these pieces this is plastic molding in
here this on the back it's kind of like
a ribbon piece and then under that this
is kind of like a synthetic material in
this leather mesh in here
and then on the tongue as the y-3 logo I
do like the lacing on these I think that
it's it's pretty cool it's nice to see
custom laces like I said I think if you
watch my review of the Hansa highs this
is a cooler shoe and I'm excited about
this basketball version mostly cuz it's
higher and kind of cooler frankly I
don't think they're making this for fall
winter fall winter does have a Honda
high in khaki and green I prefer these
colors personally and it's more like a
neoprene type like booty I don't think
they're making the racer in the
basketball I don't know if these were
one time things or what the deal was
with this looking back in the box again
y 3 gives you a separate dust bag for
each shoe they're actually really nice
dust bags I use them for my other shoes
because they're the quality is decent
and then y 3 always gives you a spare
set of laces and they are like the cool
metallic color laces instead of just
black laces so it's nice to have a spare
set of laces really I mean you get
decent accessories with these and the
price is cheaper than other like quotes
designer sneakers so once again looking
inside this is a mesh and then deeper
inside the shoe it's got a leather
insole I don't know if you can see that
it's got a red leather insole on the
inside which means you could probably
wear these barefoot if you wanted to I
don't know that you would necessarily
play basketball on them maybe you would
although I think the idea is just more
that they're high tops so anyway I'm a
big fan of these shoes I've always liked
the case of bottoms I've never really
had the chance to pick him up before and
like I said I was gonna get the racers
but the basketballs came my way and I
don't regret that because it is nice to
have a high top and I've been on a high
top kick for a while so anyway there you
go you have value adidas y-3 kaisa
basketball hi top let me know what you
think in the comments I think this is
the best of the y-3 shoes I like it
better in the Hansa I like it better
than there's like another like thin one
that I'm not really huge on there's like
some boots and stuff that aren't like
the mainstays this I think is just
cool premium version of you know the
roshe run kind of style and I'm a big
fan of it and if you can get them on
sale the price is actually kind of
reasonable and they go on sale every
season and there's always a bunch left
as long as you move quick let me know
what you think in the comments be sure
to like subscribe comment reshare
interested to know what you think about
why 3 or if you just rather have Nikes
or if you'd rather step up to full you
know designer type kicks or which one
you're right on that I think these go
well with almost anything and they're
good colors to go with that anyway let
me know what you think in the comments
and thanks for watching as always